README.md, before:

# jQuery.Syntax [release-3.0rc5] #

jQuery.Syntax is a light-weight client-side syntax highlighter, which dynamically loads external dependencies (JavaScript & CSS) when required. It uses jQuery to make it cross-browser compatible and to simplify integration.

To use jQuery.Syntax with minimal work, simply review the examples and use the files in the public sub-directory.

For more advanced usage and customisation, you will need to install the following dependencies to use jQuery.Syntax:
	$ sudo gem install rake haml

To install jQuery.Syntax into the standard 'public' directory
	$ rake install

To customise the install process, including destination directory and theme, edit <tt>install.yaml</tt>.

jQuery.Syntax depends on jQuery 1.4.1+.

For downloads, documentation, compatibility, please visit <http://www.oriontransfer.co.nz/software/jquery-syntax/>

There are several plugins available (source code - for stable releases see the main project page above):

 - DokuWiki: <http://github.com/ioquatix/jquery-syntax-dokuwiki>
 - WordPress: <http://github.com/ioquatix/jquery-syntax-wordpress>

For licensing details, please see the included LICENSE.txt.

## License ##

The "jQuery.Syntax" project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3.
Copyright 2010 Samuel Williams. All rights reserved.

For more information, please see <http://www.oriontransfer.co.nz/software/jquery-syntax>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this
program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

"Additional permissions" (as per Section 7 of the AGPLv3)

1. Any HTML file which merely makes function calls to this code, and for that purpose 
	includes it by reference shall be deemed a separate work for copyright law purposes.
	
2. You may distribute non-source (e.g., minimized or compacted) forms of that code 
	without the copy of the GNU AGPL normally required by section 4, provided you include
	this license notice and a URL through which recipients can access the Corresponding
	Source.

If you modify this code, you must include these "Additional permissions" in your version 
of the code.

## Change Log ##

### release-3.0rc5 ###
 - Added support for perl style regular expressions.
 - Improved bash brush formatting and command matching.
 - Fixed some issues when highlighting camel case types scoped using '::'

### release-3.0rc4 ###
 - Bug fixes to rakefile - new environment variable PREFIX determines install location.
 - Improvements to XML brush including supporting CDATA tags.

### release-3.0rc3 ###
 - Bug fixes to several brushes including:
    - Objective-C methods (incorrect highlighting of last argument).
    - Diff insertion and deletion how highlight the background row colour.
    - Camel case type now expects a capital letter in the first non-underscore position.
    - Improved the style of XML entities, percent-escapes.
 - Several examples now included in examples sub-directory.
 - Default install now included in public sub-directory.
 - Fixed minor issue in path detection regular expression.

### release-3.0rc2 ###
 - Installation now staged directly into destination directory.
 - Installation now supports configuration files.
 - Minor fixes to brushes.

### release-3.0rc1 ###
 - Support for marked up content
 - Support for several new languages (Kai, io)
 - Installation process (now the recommended process)
 - Enhanced support for themes
 - Support for derived brushes

### release-2.2.2 ###
 - Major Internet Exploder bugfix.

### release-2.2 ###
 - Added support for Lua, C#
 - Added new fixed and list layouts.
 - Improvements to whitespace handling.
 - Several bug fixes and enhancements.

### release-1.9.1 ###
 - Added several new languages.
 - Minor bug fixes and enhancements.

### release-1.8 ###
 - Improved the simple function usability.
 - Improved shorthand notation so it is now more flexible.
   - You can now specify a combination of classes, in any order.

### release-1.7 ###
 - Added support for YAML.
 - Fixed a bug in the bisection algorithm.
 - Added support for highlighting inline code tags.
 - Added shorthand notation
 - Improved simple function to improve consistency.

Shorthand notation depends on the classes being in a specific order, i.e. <tt>"syntax {language}"</tt>. e.g.

	<code class="syntax html">

Previously, this would have been written as (and is still acceptable):

	<code class="syntax brush-html">

### release-1.6 ###
 - Fixed a compatibility issue with jQuery 1.4.2.

### release-1.5 ###
 - Added support for [Visual] Basic, SQL and Lisp.
 - Enabled a small optimization in the bisection algorithm.
 - Fixed a bug with alias names (they weren't working).
 - Minor updates to several other brushes.

Commit message:

Updated readme clarifying scope operator issues.

README.md, after:

# jQuery.Syntax [release-3.0rc5] #

jQuery.Syntax is a light-weight client-side syntax highlighter, which dynamically loads external dependencies (JavaScript & CSS) when required. It uses jQuery to make it cross-browser compatible and to simplify integration.

To use jQuery.Syntax with minimal work, simply review the examples and use the files in the public sub-directory.

For more advanced usage and customisation, you will need to install the following dependencies to use jQuery.Syntax:
	$ sudo gem install rake haml

To install jQuery.Syntax into the standard 'public' directory
	$ rake install

To customise the install process, including destination directory and theme, edit <tt>install.yaml</tt>.

jQuery.Syntax depends on jQuery 1.4.1+.

For downloads, documentation, compatibility, please visit <http://www.oriontransfer.co.nz/software/jquery-syntax/>

There are several plugins available (source code - for stable releases see the main project page above):

 - DokuWiki: <http://github.com/ioquatix/jquery-syntax-dokuwiki>
 - WordPress: <http://github.com/ioquatix/jquery-syntax-wordpress>

For licensing details, please see the included LICENSE.txt.

## License ##

The "jQuery.Syntax" project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3.
Copyright 2010 Samuel Williams. All rights reserved.

For more information, please see <http://www.oriontransfer.co.nz/software/jquery-syntax>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this
program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

"Additional permissions" (as per Section 7 of the AGPLv3)

1. Any HTML file which merely makes function calls to this code, and for that purpose 
	includes it by reference shall be deemed a separate work for copyright law purposes.
	
2. You may distribute non-source (e.g., minimized or compacted) forms of that code 
	without the copy of the GNU AGPL normally required by section 4, provided you include
	this license notice and a URL through which recipients can access the Corresponding
	Source.

If you modify this code, you must include these "Additional permissions" in your version 
of the code.

## Change Log ##

### release-3.0rc5 ###
 - Added support for perl style regular expressions.
 - Improved bash brush formatting and command matching.
 - Fixed some issues when highlighting ruby code with scope operator '::' and symbols.

### release-3.0rc4 ###
 - Bug fixes to rakefile - new environment variable PREFIX determines install location.
 - Improvements to XML brush including supporting CDATA tags.

### release-3.0rc3 ###
 - Bug fixes to several brushes including:
    - Objective-C methods (incorrect highlighting of last argument).
    - Diff insertion and deletion how highlight the background row colour.
    - Camel case type now expects a capital letter in the first non-underscore position.
    - Improved the style of XML entities, percent-escapes.
 - Several examples now included in examples sub-directory.
 - Default install now included in public sub-directory.
 - Fixed minor issue in path detection regular expression.

### release-3.0rc2 ###
 - Installation now staged directly into destination directory.
 - Installation now supports configuration files.
 - Minor fixes to brushes.

### release-3.0rc1 ###
 - Support for marked up content
 - Support for several new languages (Kai, io)
 - Installation process (now the recommended process)
 - Enhanced support for themes
 - Support for derived brushes

### release-2.2.2 ###
 - Major Internet Exploder bugfix.

### release-2.2 ###
 - Added support for Lua, C#
 - Added new fixed and list layouts.
 - Improvements to whitespace handling.
 - Several bug fixes and enhancements.

### release-1.9.1 ###
 - Added several new languages.
 - Minor bug fixes and enhancements.

### release-1.8 ###
 - Improved the simple function usability.
 - Improved shorthand notation so it is now more flexible.
   - You can now specify a combination of classes, in any order.

### release-1.7 ###
 - Added support for YAML.
 - Fixed a bug in the bisection algorithm.
 - Added support for highlighting inline code tags.
 - Added shorthand notation
 - Improved simple function to improve consistency.

Shorthand notation depends on the classes being in a specific order, i.e. <tt>"syntax {language}"</tt>. e.g.

	<code class="syntax html">

Previously, this would have been written as (and is still acceptable):

	<code class="syntax brush-html">

### release-1.6 ###
 - Fixed a compatibility issue with jQuery 1.4.2.

### release-1.5 ###
 - Added support for [Visual] Basic, SQL and Lisp.
 - Enabled a small optimization in the bisection algorithm.
 - Fixed a bug with alias names (they weren't working).
 - Minor updates to several other brushes.
